README.md, before:

# 🐋 WASTRAP ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-under%20development-blue?style=flat)

[![CI](https://github.com/institute-atri/wastrap/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/institute-atri/wastrap/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/institute-atri/wastrap/graph/badge.svg?token=1S6ESwX8mV)](https://codecov.io/gh/institute-atri/wastrap)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/institute-atri/wastrap)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/institute-atri/wastrap)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/institute-atri/wastrap)

WASTRAP is a web exploration tool focused on the WordPress application.

Being fast and simple, it has functionality that an information security professional cannot fail to have in their
arsenal. With vulnerability analysis in themes, plugins and others, it also has brute-force in directories, users and
much more (see more features in the official documentation).

# 🐋 Usage

# 🐋 Features

![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/institute-atri/wastrap)
![GitHub Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/institute-atri/wastrap)

This project is under development, so the features are not yet available.

# 🐋 License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**—see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

```text
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 ATRI - Advanced Technology Research Institute

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

Commit message:

refactor: add API command and update README
A new API command has been added to the application using Cobra. The README file has also been modified to include usage instructions for the tool. Additionally, some changes have been made to root.go to update the initialization of command-line flags.

README.md, after:

# 🐋 WASTRAP ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-under%20development-blue?style=flat)

[![CI](https://github.com/institute-atri/wastrap/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/institute-atri/wastrap/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/institute-atri/wastrap/graph/badge.svg?token=1S6ESwX8mV)](https://codecov.io/gh/institute-atri/wastrap)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/institute-atri/wastrap)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/institute-atri/wastrap)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/institute-atri/wastrap)

WASTRAP is a web exploration tool focused on the WordPress application.

Being fast and simple, it has functionality that an information security professional cannot fail to have in their
arsenal. With vulnerability analysis in themes, plugins and others, it also has brute-force in directories, users and
much more (see more features in the official documentation).

# 🐋 Usage

To use the tool, you need to have Go installed on your machine. If you don't have it, you can download it from the
official website: [https://golang.org/dl/](https://golang.org/dl/).

```bash
go run main.go --help
```

![Screenshot](.github/images/screenshot-help.png)

# 🐋 Features

![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/institute-atri/wastrap)
![GitHub Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/institute-atri/wastrap)

This project is under development, so the features are not yet available. However, you can see the features that are in
development in the official documentation.

# 🐋 License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**—see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

```text
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 ATRI - Advanced Technology Research Institute

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```
